# Marketing--Customer-Segmentation-Clustering
Customer Personality Analysis is a detailed analysis of a company’s ideal customers. It helps a business to better understand its customers and makes it easier for them to modify products according to the specific needs, behaviors and concerns of different types of customers.
An organisation can adjust its product based on the target customers from various customer segments by using customer personality analysis. For instance, a business can determine which client segment is most likely to purchase the product and then focus its marketing efforts only on that group of customers, as opposed to spending money to advertise a new product to every customer in its database.
Many times, we can see that, there are various campaigns, deals going on in the market to attract the customers, So how customers react or respond towards these offers is the main motive of these project. There are many distinct customer segments which will react differently on diverse deals based on the situations, so here I will be using a dataset that contains data collected from a marketing campaign, where our task is to predict how divergent the customer segments will respond for an offer for a particular product or service. 
I will be executing an unsupervised clustering of data on the customer records from a grocery store company's database for this assignment. Customer segmentation is the process of grouping consumers according to characteristics that are shared by all of the customers in a cluster. To maximise the value of each customer to the company, I will segment the customer base. to alter products in response to specific consumer requirements and behaviours. The ability to address the needs of various clientele also benefits the company.
